Describe linitations of the push dropFeedbackMode (#540)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Widgets/GridBase/1 Configuration/rowDragging/dropFeedbackMode.md

---
This option accepts the following values:

- *"indicate"*    
  Rows do not animate, a blue square appears at the place where the dragged row is going to be placed.

- *"push"*    

>   Rows move apart with animation, making free space for the dragged row to be placed. To use this mode, make sure [allowDropInsideItem]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/rowDragging/#allowDropInsideItem) is disabled and the **scrolling**.[mode]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/scrolling/#mode) is different from *"virtual"*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Rows move apart with animation, allowing room for the dragged row to be placed. To use this mode, ensure that the [allowDropInsideItem]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/rowDragging/#allowDropInsideItem) is disabled and the **scrolling**.[mode]({basewidgetpath}/Configuration/scrolling/#mode) differs from *"virtual"*.
```
